[Applause]
[Music]
everybody and welcome to the EE British
Academy Film Awards thank you for
joining us with this auspicious
star-studded celebration of cinema in
all its forms whatever that means and
I'm Graham Norton your host for this
evening which means there's more than
one Irishman here tonight that seems to
go on and on now this is lovely as look
at us gathered here in the breathtaking
Royal Albert Hall stunning I think we
can all agree well maybe not Prince
William he's just looking bit pokey
could not through royalties here and why
not because it's the Buster's tonight
it's the BAFTAs the glamour the
excitement the length and now I should
add don't be too concerned tonight
because you're in safe house I'm not
going to be mean to anyone because you
might know in my other job I'm a chat
show host which means apparently I have
never seen a film I didn't really enjoy
it's true I love cats
clever I loved it prizes for acting it's
not that hard now a huge thank you must
be a made to all our American friends
for making the effort to come here
tonight because you know I know it takes
ages to sail across the Atlantic doesn't
it yeah you did yeah thank you for
caring it's the Eco Awards ladies and
gentlemen this year BAFTA have asked us
to make sustainable fashion choices old
clothes and now I have no I really have
fun fact this jacket is older than
Florence Pugh I'm not even joking it
really is for it's it really is and
there's so many young nominees done it's
fantastic not just Florence there's
Jesse Buckley Turner Edgerton social
Ronin you know and I look at you guys I
look at you guys and I can't help but
think oh if only I've been born 30 years
earlier I'd be dead now
I'm not eaten away by bitterness and
jealousy Hey
2019 though what a year in film I think
it'll be remembered as a year when white
men finally broke through yeah high five
high five
yes bitter chat about the older white
male privilege did you can sort of see
why I mean eleven nominations for Joker
which is essentially the story of a
white man who makes himself even whiter
[Applause]
yeah wonderful Jojo rabbit nominated
water film an adorable heroic child and
a cartoonish monster it's like when
Greta Sundberg met Trump other great
films nominated tonight in 1917 two
popes and the incredible parasite off so
good it really is I I was thrilled to
hear of parasites nominations till at
first I did think it was a new category
for agents how brilliant was Once Upon a
Time in Hollywood oh it takes it takes a
last algid look back at the Hollywood of
fifty years ago and what we saw was a
misogynistic male-dominated industry
resistant to change
taking a nostalgic look back at 50 years
ago and the irishman ten nominations
ladies and gentlemen also released on
Netflix prompting director Martin
Scorsese to implore people to respect
the film by not watching it on their
phone and really worrying whose battery
lasts that long
[Music]
you